docs(readme): fix h2-h3 heading levels (#6702)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: README.md

## How To Contribute

Please read [CONTRIBUTING](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md). If you're new to GitHub, [welcome](docs/HOWTO.md)! Remember to abide by our [Code of Conduct](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) too. ([translations](#translations) also available)

## How to Share

+ [Share on Twitter](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books%0AFree%20Programming%20Books)
+ [Share on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/share.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FEbookFoundation%2Ffree-programming-books&p[images][0]=&p[title]=Free%20Programming%20Books&p[summary]=)
+ [Share on LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books&title=Free%20Programming%20Books&summary=&source=)
+ [Share on Telegram](https://t.me/share/url?url=https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books)

## Resources

> We have the next category structure in our repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have the 'next category' structure in our repository:
```

I am unsure what this means, could you give me some details what it refers to.

Author: maybe a tpo? categorized, kind of resources... its like in CONTRIBUTING.MD

Reviewer 2: Could you explain why this text is meaningful?

Author: > Could you explain why this text is meaningful?

To don't have a empty heading with subheading like in listings and bypass lint 0-2-1 rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repositories listings have been split into the following:
```

Reviewer: @eshellman I think it adds a little clarity for any newcomers

Author: I agree with clarify about newcommers

> This awesome project hosts a bunch of listings splited into the following categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This awesome project lists a bunch of books and other resources split into the following categories:
```

little bit an an incorrect tense with the word splited 

Also I wouldn't use the word `host` since at first glance it implies that we are the server provider or similar, however my suggestion isn't too good.

> This awesome project lists a bunch of books and other resources split into the following categories:

Reviewer 2: Better:
"This project lists books and other resources grouped by genres:"

Reviewer: Is 'genre' the correct usage of the word? Maybe classes would suit it better, however your overall suggestion makes it a little more succinct than the over-worded current suggestion so I agree with it

Author: Done!. Eric, you have always the most succintely words but maintaining the essence that I intent to express. Thanks for be my english grammar dictionary :)
